Improvements of the laser envelope extension (#281)
ComputationalRadiationPhysics/openPMD-standard: EXT_LaserEnvelope.md

Introduction
------------

> This extension is specifically designed for modeling the laser beam propagation.

Reviewer: Minor idea:
```suggestion
This extension is specifically designed for modeling the propagation of laser pulses.
```

Author: Yeah, I think that works well, we should be able to support monochromatic beams.

```math
   \begin{aligned}
   E_x &= \mathrm{Re}\left( \mathcal{E} e^{ik_0z}p_x\right)\\
   E_y &= \mathrm{Re}\left( \mathcal{E} e^{ik_0z}p_y\right)\\
\end{aligned}
```

where $\mathrm{Re}$ stands for real part, $E_x$ (resp. $E_y$) is the laser electric field in the x (resp. y) direction, $\mathcal{E}$ is the complex laser envelope described in the standard, $\omega_0 = 2\pi c/\lambda_0$ is the angular frequency defined from the laser wavelength $\lambda_0$, $k_0$ is the corresponding wavenumber $k_0=2\pi/\lambda_0$ and $(p_x,p_y)$ is the (complex and normalized) polarization vector. The polarization state (linear, circular, elliptical) is controlled by the phase of the polarization vector. For instance, if $arg(p_x) = arg(p_y)$, the polarization is linear. If $arg(p_x) = arg(p_y) + \pi/2$, the polarization is circular. Alternatively, the stored array can represent the normalized vector potential $a_{x/y} = eA_{x/y}/(m_ec)$ where $A_{x/y}$ is the vector potential of the laser, related to the electric field by $E_{x/y} = -\partial_tA_{x/y}$.

When added to an output, the following naming conventions shall be used for complex electric field `mesh records`.

> 

Reviewer 2: The field `unitDimension` (a few lines below) should be corrected: this would be `V/m` **only** when `fieldEnvelope == 'electric_field'`.
